Here is the algorithm for conversions.
    Step 1: For each type of unit, create an array of ratios between each unit and the base unit.
    For instance, in the volume type of unit, the base unit is Cup. Every volume unit will know the ratio between itself and the base unit.

    Step 2: Figure out the desired type of unit conversion (for now, Imperial to Imperial, Imperial to Metric, Metric to Metric, Metric to Imperial)

    Step 3: Perform the correct routine for each type of conversion:
    For Imperial to Imperial conversion:
    Step 1: Ensure conversion is possible.
    Step 2: Get ratio of the original unit to the base unit.
    Step 3: Figure out if the original unit is smaller or bigger than the base unit.
    Step 4: Multiply or divide the original quantity by this ratio to convert the original unit to the base unit.
    Step 5: Get ratio of the new unit to the base unit.
    Step 6: Repeat steps 3-4 for the updated quantity and new unit to get the final quantity.

    E.g: Convert 2 pint to tablespoons.
    1. 1 pint = 2 cups.
    2. Pint is larger than the base unit, so we should multiply.
    3. 2 * 2 = 4 cups
    4. 1 tablespoon = 0.0625 cups
    5. Tablespoon is smaller than the base unit, so we should divide.
    6. 4 / 0.0625 = 64 tablespoons
    Algorithm complete!

    For Imperial to Metric conversion:
    Step 1: Ensure conversion is possible.
    Step 2: By methods described previously, convert original unit to its base unit.
    Step 3: Get ratio of the imperial base unit to the equivalent metric base unit.
    Step 4: Convert the metric base unit to the desired metric unit by methods yet to be described.

    For Metric to Metric conversion:
    Step 1: Ensure that conversion is possible.
    Step 2: To convert the original unit quantity to the base unit quantity, multiply the original quantity by the base unit ratio.
    Step 3: To convert the base unit quantity to the desired unit quantity, divide the base unit quantity by the base unit ratio.

    For Metric to Imperial conversion:
    Step 1: Ensure conversion is possible.
    Step 2: By methods described previously, convert original metric unit to its base unit.
    Step 3: Get ratio of the metric base unit to the equivalent imperial base unit.
    Step 4: Convert the imperial base unit to the desired imperial unit by methods described previously.